docs: add embedding + reranker model coverage (#1843)
NVIDIA-NeMo/Automodel: docs/model-coverage/reranker/index.md

(reranking-models)=

# Reranking Models

## Introduction

> Reranking models use cross-encoders to score a query-document pair jointly. They are typically used after an embedding model has produced an initial candidate set. NeMo AutoModel supports optimized bidirectional Llama rerankers and falls back to HuggingFace `AutoModelForSequenceClassification` for other architectures.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Reranking models use cross-encoders to score a query-document pair jointly. They are typically used after an embedding model has produced an initial candidate set. NeMo AutoModel supports optimized bidirectional Llama rerankers and falls back to Hugging Face `AutoModelForSequenceClassification` for other architectures.
```

For first-stage dense retrieval, see [Embedding Models](../embedding/index.md).

## Optimized Backbones (Bidirectional Attention)

| Owner | Model | Architecture | Wrapper Class | Tasks |
|---|---|---|---|---|
| Meta | [Llama (Bidirectional)](meta/llama-bidirectional.md) | `LlamaBidirectionalForSequenceClassification` | `NeMoAutoModelCrossEncoder` | Reranking |

> ## HuggingFace Auto Backbones

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Hugging Face Auto Backbones
```

> Any HuggingFace model loadable via `AutoModelForSequenceClassification` can be used as a reranking backbone. This fallback path uses the model's native attention -- no bidirectional conversion is applied.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Any Hugging Face model loadable using `AutoModelForSequenceClassification` can be used as a reranking backbone. This fallback path uses the model's native attention; no bidirectional conversion is applied.
```
